1) It’s OK to love and lose, but it’s fantastic to lose and love. I lost
my heart and fell in love with you!
2) If I wrote your name in the sky, clouds would block it. If I
wrote your name in the sand, waves would wash it. If I wrote
your name in paper, worms would eat it. So, I wrote your name
in my heart, where nothing can change it.
3) Owner’s pride, neighbours envy – that’s what love is.
4) Love is a partnership – where you get all the gains, and I get all
the losses. Why else should I have to lose my heart for you to
gain it?
5) I think of you, I worry about you. I don’t know what I would
do without you.
6) Did you hurt me? Never! Do I love you? Forever!
7) You are too good to be true, too real to be a dream, too
wonderful to be lost. No wonder, there’s no one for me but you.
8) Honey is sweet, so are you.
9) When it’s time to say goodbye, I think I’ll just shrivel up and
die.
10) If you must leave, close the door behind you, and leave the
key behind oh, and leave my heart on the windowsill for the
birds to feed on.
11) Alone when I was born. Alone, when I’m to die. But if I get
to spend all the time in between with you, it would be worth my
while.
12) Touch me lots, Kiss me lots. If you love me, don’t leave me
in knots.

(c) www.romantictextsmessages.com 107.2008
13) Good night, sleep tight. Dream of me while I hold you tight.
14) Ever heard of MISSION IMPOSSIBLE – that’s what I’d be
on if I had to forget you.
15) I love you more than I can say. Enough to tell that I love you
more every day.
16) I envy your tears they are born in your eyes, slide on your
cheeks and kiss your lips, to fall to your heart.
17) You are as yummy as a strawberry pie.
18) If you want to go, I’ll let you leave. I’ll wait right here till
you come back to me.
19) I feel hot when I think of you. So, I’m going to get me some
ice cream.
20) Pink and luscious, juicy and sweet I can’t stop wanting you
just like cherry and cream!
21) You are heady as wine, classy as champagne. I thank God
You are mine, come rain or shine.
22) When wanting is so bad that it hurts inside, when love is so
hot it burns inside I think of you and want you by my side.
23) Let’s get together tonight, drink wine and sit by the fire.
Tomorrow may come too late or we just may not care.
24) Take care of yourself for me. Since I live in your heart,
you’ll be taking care of me.
25) Save a smile for me, don’t lose them all at the office.
26) Somewhere, someone is thinking of you. So, don’t be sad,
I’m waiting for you.
27) All through my math class, I was thinking of you. But I still
couldn’t calculate how much I love you

(c) www.romantictextsmessages.com 207.2008
28) When God created the world in six days, why did He take so
long to create someone as sexy as you?
29) Angels in heaven, dreams in sleep, water in streams and you
in my heart.
30) If you doubt my love for you, give me a shout. I’ll come over
and work things out.
31) You without me are like the birds without trees and earth
without the streams.
32) I still look at your picture and think You are the sexiest
woman alive. Although’ at 82, that’s something of a lie.
33) Read this message and forget this text. Turn off your Cell,
but don’t forget the sender.
34) When God created you, He knew something was missing. So
He created me, and now everything is right.
35) To see you hurt or to see you cry, it hurts so bad, I could die.
36) White and yellow, orange and red. If you’ll be my pillow,
I’ll take you to bed.
37) I’d go through hell and I’d go through fire, but I can’t go
through life without your smile.
38) When it hurts, think of me. If it rains, think of me. when
will you stop thinking and come get me?
39) Our love is one long sweet dream. Let’s sleep on till we die.
40) They say love is a disease. If so, I like being ill.
41) Bundles of joy, oodles of fun. You are all the things I love,
rolled into one.
42) Cute as a kitten, sweet as a rose. No wonder I’m smitten,
now there’s no getting better.

(c) www.romantictextsmessages.com 307.2008
43) Open your heart for me. Shut it quick, before someone else
steps in.
44) If you feel like crying, give me a ring. I’ll do all that I can to
make your heart sing.
45) Why the long face, why the teary eyes? I promise I’ll get you
a triple milkshake with ice.
46) Smile and the world smiles with you. Cry and I’ll cry with
you.
47) There’s nothing on my mind but you, there’s no one in my
heart but you.
48) You must be dead tired every morning, because at night
You are always in my dreams.
49) I’ve met many girls, some good, some cute, some funny,
some sweet. But not one of them has caught my eye. I
sometimes wonder what it is in you that I just can’t let go.
50) True heaven is life at its best, with your arms around me
and my head on your chest.
51) So long, my love. Let’s wait until we meet again, some other
place, some other time.
52) Through good times and the bad, I’ll always be the friend
you wish you had.
53) I’m not one for promises; I’m not one for words. But I’m
nothing without you, as empty as a tree without birds.
54) You don’t have to like me. Just adore me and everything
will be nice.
55) I send you my heart in this little message. Guard it well and
keep it safe.
56) I see so many stars at night, but none are as sweet and
dazzling as your eyes by candlelight.

(c) www.romantictextsmessages.com 407.2008
57) You are all I want. Come to me and make my life.
58) I love you more than I can say. you can see it all when you
look at my face.
59) When I saw you for the first time, I felt my safe little world
shake. Now, I know why – love comes with a lot of ache.
60) I am up for anything you want to do, because I’m lost in
love with you.
61) To night is the night for me and you, the night to discover if
we’re meant to be.
62) You are the one I adore, I’d give you my life and anything
more.
63) Your smile is so gentle, your face so sweet, when I’m with
you, my heart skips a beat.
64) When it gets to be forever, and for all that time we’re
together, I’d still be longing for you.
65) Till the end of my days, till God takes my breath away, I will
continue to say, I’m yours for always.
66) When you feel that no one is there and that love is very rare,
remember me and know that I care.
67) If you feel down, or your dreams come shattering, look up
and be happy. Your smile is all that matters to me.
68) Whether you make mistakes or your pretty head is filled
with grey, I cannot seem to stay away.
69) My life is no longer a song of blue, because I’ve found my
love in you.
70) I’m grateful you came into my life. Let’s make it forever –
be my wife.

(c) www.romantictextsmessages.com 507.2008
71) I’ve looked for love in all the wrong places. The one place I
forgot to look was your heart.
72) Stand by me hold me close, I sometimes feel alone and
sometimes lost. You are my anchor, You are all there is.
73) You gave me your heart, I gave you mine. Let’s stay this
way till the end of time.
74) Your smile brightens my day and your words blow me
away.
75) When you take me in your arms for a kiss, you pull my soul
out through my lips.
76) In your eyes I see my life, in your arms my destiny.
77) Let me name a star after you. Let me fetch the moon down
to earth. For in love we can aim to do, even that which seems
too much.
78) You want to know what love can do? It can make a sane
man go mad. Why else would I stand here waiting, while you
shop for the perfect pudding?
79) Hair like silk, lips so tender, just one kiss and I surrender.
80) From now till forever we’ll always be together.
81) Text me when you need me, text me when your down, text
me when you feel like, but don’t text me at midnight!
82) You are - the smile on my face, the twinkle in my eye, the
song in my heart, and the love of my life.
83) It’s nice to feel your fingers laced through mine. Let’s walk
through the shadows and catch up on lost time.
84) You are my pillar, the wind beneath my wings. You are the
only 1 to hold me when everything else leaves me.

(c) www.romantictextsmessages.com 607.2008
85) You are the one I need, the only 1 for me. Your voice makes
me weak, your love keeps me alive.
86) One more year goes by, with you by my side. There’s much
I’ve got from life, but none as precious as you.
87) Do me a favours, send me your picture. I’m playing poker
and I’ve lost my joker.
88) you laugh, I laugh, you cry, I cry, you make food, I die.
89) Love is the game, and we are the players.
90) If you love me tell me so, or else someone might beat you to
it.
91) There’s no rhyme or reason to love – it just happens one
fine day to the best of us.
92) Your job is to love, mine is to find the reason – why do you
love me so?
93) When things go wrong, when tears come strong, come lean
on me, I’ll be strong.
94) If I could, I’d put it up with a neon sign – how I love you
and how you’re mine.
95) What did I gain when I fell for you? Love and joy and tears
too.
96) No candle without a flame, no love songs without a moon.
Trust me when I say I’ve no life without you.
97) Fragrance in flowers, sweetness in cakes. Beauty in your
eyes, and the smile on your face. I knew when I fell in love, it
was no mistake.
98) Ye Gods up there so full of grace, bless my love and his sexy
face.

(c) www.romantictextsmessages.com 707.2008
99) In this world we meet so many pasts, but each leaves a
memory so breaks our little heart.
100) I could travel to the end of the world and then come back,
plumb the depths of the sea and then rise up, if I can just find
my way back to your love.
101) The love I hold inside, I give you through my eyes. Some
things don’t need to be said, they’re felt when they are there.
102) Now that we’re together, everything’ s going to be OK. I can
buy and you can pay.
103) Got up late for work and nearly missed my bus. Came
running to my chair, fell down and mightily cussed. I knew we
had an electric night, but didn’t expect the after-effects.
104) Loving is infectious, you catch it like the flu. you started
loving me and I fell in love with you.
105) Do you take me to be your lawful mate? To text me all that’s
running through your heart, till low battery does throw us
apart ?
106) Love is like a mobile phone you keep it close to your heart
and You are lost without it.
107) Love is the way I do the laundry while you change nappies.
108) Happy New Year, have a rocking Easter, Good luck on
Valentine’s, happy birthday, spooky Halloween and Merry
Xmas. Now don’t expect another SMS for the next 12 months.
109) Read this text and you love me, delete it and you desire me,
reply to it and you miss me – so what’s it going to be?
110) God made bread to be with cheese. God made you to be with
me. How do I know? I asked Him myself!
111) I saw something in the window shop something stunning,
pricey and beautiful. I thought I’d get it 4 you, and then I saw
it was my own reflection!

(c) www.romantictextsmessages.com 807.2008
112) Beautiful eyes, wonderful smile, the perfect walk and
sweetest talk …enough about me, so how are you?
113) You are so sweet you drive me insane. My heart is in agony
and I’m in pain.
114) Blown kisses are wasted. Kisses aren’t kisses till they are
tasted.
115) Some say that kisses are hated because they spread germs.
But you can kiss me baby, because I’m inoculated.
116) A peach is a peach and a plum is a plum You are you and I
love you for that.
117) I am the strawberry & You are the cream. Let me lie in
your bosom so you can melt around me.
118) Handle me gently, keep me with care. Where I’d like to be is
always in your heart.
119) Just thought I’d let you know that every time I look at you,
after all the time that’s gone by, I still see the beauty that tied
me to you.
120) The moment I see you, my breath cuts short, I feel the blood
in my face – I think this must be love.
121) Just 1 kiss and I feel so strong. With your lips on my lips I
know I belong.
122) Forever and ever, you and me, With each others’ love happy
and free.
123) Like circles in the sand that go round and round,
everlasting love is what we’ve found
124) Which is more important to me - you or my life? Well, my
life obviously, because You are my life!
125) Let friendship take its course. you lead and I’ll follow.

(c) www.romantictextsmessages.com 907.2008
126) A friendship is sweet when it’s new, and sweeter yet when
it’s true.
127) Like old wine that gets better with age, my love for you
climbs higher every day.
128) Love is honest, love is true. I know because I found that love
in you.
129) Chocolates are sweet, teddy bears so huggable and stars are
so bright. Did they make you of chocolates, teddy bears and
stars?
130) The dreams in my eyes can become reality if You are the
one to walk beside me.
131) A special friend is a rare breed and it’s real hard to find one
indeed. Perfect friends are so very few, I’m lucky that I found
you.
132) It took me just 1 minute to know you, 2 hours to appreciate
you, 3 days to love you, and an entire lifetime to forget you.
133) If you don’t get a seat, don’t worry. Come sit in my heart.
That way, you never have to leave.
134) This morning God asked me, “What’s your wish for
today?” I thought and thought, then asked Him to please
protect the one reading this message.
135) Time may lead me to destruction and faith may break me to
pieces, but I’m glad that somewhere in this journey I could
share your kisses.
136) A memory so special that it could never die – 2 friends so
close that we could never say goodbye.
137) Life has given me many gifts some big, some small. But You
are the gift that God gave me, the most precious of them all.
138) You held my hand throughout the night. I think you must
have used super glue, because now I just can’t let go.

(c) www.romantictextsmessages.com 1007.2008
139) When you are in trouble and you need a hand, remember
my number because I’m your friend.
140) A friend is always welcome, at dawn or late at night. Time is
of no significance when it comes to you, my dear wife.
141) Life is not easy, it never will be. That’s why we have friends
who will never leave.
142) My love is so deeply rooted it can never be uprooted.
143) A friend is someone who remembers the song your own
heart has forgotten.
144) A true friend is one who reaches out for your hand and
touches your heart.
145) You meet a friend by chance, you become friends by choice,
you remain friends by decision, and everlasting friendship is a
promise.
146) The sun sets to plunge the world in darkness. The moon
rises to give a glimmer of hope. Friends are like the moon, they
guide you when there’s nothing else to hope for.
147) When I’m walking in front of you, I’ll lead you, when I walk
beside you, I’ll be there for you, when I’m behind you, I’m
looking up to you, when I’m without you, I’m missing you.
148) When you breathe, I take in life. In your eyes, I live. So, my
love, never cry or I will drown.
149) When the days’ work is done and we share the last few
moments together, I know it was worth all the trouble just for
these moments that last forever.
150) You have become an addiction. No wonder I experience
withdrawal symptoms when I’m not with you.
151) There’s a gift that gold cannot buy, a gem that’s so precious
and rare and that’s the way my heart feels every time I see you.

(c) www.romantictextsmessages.com 1107.2008
152) Wonderful friends like You are truly rare and few.
153) We never know where time will take us. If we drift and
slowly part, remember You’ll always be in my heart.
154) Even after you leave, you will live on forever and ever
within my silent heart.
155) A look, a touch that’s all there is between the closest of
friends that’s all there needs to be when I’m with you.
156) Like the silent rain that falls throughout the night to quench
the parching earth, I didn’t know how much you loved me till
you filled my empty soul.
157) When I started dreaming of you instead of pizzas and
hotdogs, I knew it was time to look for something new to eat.
158) Many people walk in and out of my life. you, my love, are
also free to leave. But you leave your footprints etched in my
heart.
159) Yesterday remains in our memories, tomorrow waits in our
hopes. Today shines bright and new because of the friends who
stand beside us.
160) Our love is so precious, costly and rare. We may be apart
but the feelings are all still there.
161) The test of friendship is not longevity. It’s when you leave
and I spend a week’s salary talking to you on my phone.
162) True friends are like diamonds, so precious and rare. False
friends are like dead leaves, they are scattered everywhere.
163) When I left this morning, you were fast asleep. I looked at
your face for a moment and thanked God for my destiny.
164) When you speak my name, it is different. I know my name is
safe in your mouth.

(c) www.romantictextsmessages.com 1207.2008
165) Your love for me shines through your smile, peeks through
your eyes and whispers in the quiet beat of your heart.
166) Love is when you smile through your tears just to let
someone know you are OK
167) Love is what makes you smile every time you see him,
though it’s the same old face every time.
168) If ever I need a place to hide and spend my life, it will be
your heart, because I’d feel safest there.
169) Choose me so you don’t regret, it’s a good deal – in fact, the
best you can get!
170) If there are times you make me cry looking for a reason
why, there are also times you make me fly and reach the limits
of the sky.
171) You ask me what I like about you. I think it’s your eyes, no
you’re little pesky mouth or may be your impossible lips ..well,
what can I say? I think I love everything about you.
172) Your eyes are looking tired and your lashes are hugging
each other tight, go to the land of sweet dreams and meet me
there tonight.
173) You say you are ill I have a prescription: one pill of love, a
few spoons of hugs and a capsule of kisses that should do.
174) Love is the passion inside that you can’t hide, and the smile
outside that never dies.
175) Slowly the leaves of memory fall, I’ll pick them up and
gather them all, because today, tomorrow and all my life
through, it’s wonderful having someone like you.
176) What if there was no love to share, there were no one to
care? Life would then be so bare.
177) The seas for you, the waves for me; the sky for you and the
stars for me. Everything’ s for you, and you are for me.

(c) www.romantictextsmessages.com 1307.2008
178) If the world stopped turning and the sun stopped burning,
I’d still be enjoying my time here, because I was loved by you.
179) I know deep within my heart that sometimes things fall
apart and that it’s always hard to part, but I still can’t let you
goof you are my dear heart.
180) If the world is full of miseries, it’d still be worth going
through, because somewhere in some corner, there’d still be
someone like you.
181) If words can’t make you feel better, let me hug you with my
arms, listen to you with my ears and worship you with my eyes.
182) If I am the heart, you are the beat within me, pumping the
blood into my veins and filling me with heat.
183) Every time I tried to tell you what’s inside, words were hard
to find – all I can say is your one of a kind.
184) Every time I miss you, a shooting star falls. So, if one day
there are no more stars in the sky, its because you made me
miss you too much.
185) Love is gentle, love is kind, love endures, and love is
everlasting.
186) The fragrance of a rose reminds me of thee, of sweet hugs
and passion and a love that’s forever sweet.
187) Sweet as sugar, soft as butter, I’d melt in your arms if you
hold me any tighter.
188) Friendship is like chinaware, so costly and so rare. Once
broken it can be mended, but a crack is always there.
189) River to the ocean, beams to the moon, birds to the tree and
you to me.
190) If ever you feel down and wonder where love is, remember
someone cares, someone preys and someone looks up at the
stars and sighs for you.

(c) www.romantictextsmessages.com 1407.2008
191) On a silent night when the stars are few, I sit here thinking
of you, a lonely tear and a little sigh, o, how I wish I were with
you.
192) A square has 4 ends, a triangle has 3 ends, a line has 2 ends
and my life has 1 end – to keep you in my heart forever.
193) Well, it’s quite an honour, but it just happens to be true, the
best friend I ever had happens to be someone like you.
194) Giggles & laughs, smiles & tears, life has many of these, but
just one true love.
195) I’d send you all my love in a letter, sealed with a kiss. But
since a letter would take forever, I thought I’d send you my
love like this.
196) Are we friends or are we not. Sometimes I feel so, sometimes
I do not. Whatever you are, part with you, I will not.
197) Life is sometimes hard, sometimes fun. There is darkness at
times till the morning brings the sun. When you’re down, give
me a call, I’ll drop by.
198) Till dreams turn to reality and desires fulfilled by destiny,
let’s stay together, forever you and me.
199) They say that friends are angels from above, sent by God to
share their love. Well, I always knew there was something
‘divine’ about me.
200) Don’t look for beauty and don’t look for skin, look for a
heart that loves you from within
201) I wanted to send you something sexy, priceless and cute. But
the postman caught me doing it and told me to get out of the
post box.
202) There’s only 2 times when I miss you that’s day & night
when you’re not around.

(c) www.romantictextsmessages.com 1507.2008
203) Your clothes may look good; they may have the latest style.
But you aren’t cool dude, till your wearing a smile.
204) I’ll go to the ends of the world to prove my love for you …so
long as you promise to let me go alone!
205) Don’t be sad and don’t be blue, Einstein was ugly too!
206) The only way to find love is to get lost in it.
207) There is no sweeter ecstasy than the yearning of your heart.
208) The bond of 2 hearts can never be broken. If it’s true love, it
will never be shaken.
209) We are 2 hearts living in just one soul, staying together
forever and more.
210) In love we find 2 hearts bound by a delicate twine, yet
strong enough to win any test of time.
211) I’m on the top of the world ever since you told me that I’m
your girl.
212) Now that I’ve found my way to your heart, I can’t find my
way back home.
213) No longer I, but we.
214) You came to me to light my life, me the lady and you my
wonderful knight. So now, get off your high horse and start
cutting veggies with a knife!
215) I came here as a guest, I liked the accommodation, and now
I’m here to stay. So, how much does a room in your heart cost?
216) I might seem to be a world away, but remember I love you,
and I’m just a phone call away.
217) Eternity can come and go, but I’ll still be waiting here for
you.

(c) www.romantictextsmessages.com 1607.2008
218) The words you say, it’s like a dream come true. 2 loving
hearts to share 1 love that is so true.
219) Love is a lingering kiss, entwined hands, a shy hello and a
soft caress in the dark.
220) My bed refused to sleep with me last night; it said it wanted
you.
221) I love you too much for my own good, I know, but I just
can’t seem to stop.
222) Love is when you calls me late at night to tell me that you
have reached safely…and I actually feel happy you called.
223) I searched high and low, I ran to and fro; in the end when
love came, I saw it in you when I opened the door.
224) Behind every successful woman, there is a loving man.
Thank you.
225) Your love gives me the strength to fly, to spread my wings
and kiss the sky.
226) If love has left you forlorn and you are looking for a friend,
I’d like to come by and give you a helping hand.
227) One woman for one man, one love to hold hands, one life to
live and one chance to make it all happen.
228) A touch so pure, a smile so true, nothing can beat my love
for you.
229) You took my hand and grasped my heart. you kissed my lips
and stole my soul.
230) Today, tomorrow and forever love is a drug that gives me
power.
231) I miss you more than I can say; I’ll miss you just as much
tomorrow and I miss you more and more each day.

(c) www.romantictextsmessages.com 1707.2008
232) When I’m scared hold me tight, when I go wrong, please
make it right. Our love is like a flame, let it grow bright.
233) Can’t you hear my heart whispering its love for you the
words are so loud in my ears, everyone knows about it but you.
234) Mangoes are tasty when they are ripe, love becomes passion
just after a fight.
235) Forget me not, forget me never, and always remember we
are simply great together.
236) I love you and you love me, it’s so simple just like ABC.
237) I’m sending you an SMS to ease your stress, to bring back
that smile and to tell you I’m waiting for your sweet caress.
238) If tomorrow I have to leave, not knowing when we’ll meet,
will you still stay here and wait just for me?
239) What would I have to do to get you to notice me too?
240) I’d shout my love with a neon sign and paint your name
across the sky all you have to do is be mine.
241) I will fly if you hold me too light and I will cry if you hold
me too tight.
242) Love is careless and love is a flirt, love is restless and has
people to hurt.
243) People told me love is true, didn’t believe them till I found
you.
244) Between the years and between the ages, it’s inevitable but
true. Seasons may change and people may go, but I will always
belong to you.
245) When I fall in love, it has to be forever. Love is costly you
see, I can’t afford another.

(c) www.romantictextsmessages.com 1807.2008
246) If we have to part and go separate ways, you will stay in my
heart till my dying days.
247) I may not seem like I am here, that’s coz without your love
I’m not complete.
248) My love for you is as tried and true as the sky is blue and
the misty dew.
249) You ‘fall’ in love ‘coz no one with sense would walk into it.
250) You’re like cool balm on my fevered brow, like sweet water
on my parched soul.
251) I can’t resist you, can’t live without you. I can do without
anything but you.
252) If you thought that love was funny, and it’d never cost any
money, let me tell you honey, please don’t fall in love with me.
253) After you read this text, you will be mine. I’ve sent it loaded
you see with love potion number 9.
254) I’m an extreme romantic, so my love flows from coast to
coast touching the Pacific and the Atlantic.
255) Trickling down and falling round, all around you on the
ground is a love so precious it can’t be found anywhere else but
in my heart.
256) My love is beautiful, my love is nice, and my love is sugar,
cream and spice.
257) When I see you my heart goes frantic my feelings are all in a
tizzy I’m a total mess.
258) Make my pain go away and fill my empty heart, heal all my
wounds and promise we’ll never be apart.
259) Once you climb into my heart, you may never leave and you
may never grieve.

(c) www.romantictextsmessages.com 1907.2008
260) If you’re ready for the ride, hold on tight. I’m going to take
you on a joyride of a lifetime.
261) I send this text with all my love. When you switches off the
phone, the text will disappear but my love will remain.
262) I can’t wait to get you in my arms and tell you all my
thoughts, share everything with you and take you into my
heart.
263) Without your love, I feel all alone; like it’s been a million
years since I’ve come home.
264) In your simple smile, in your heavenly voice, in your sweet
perfume, I found the perfect world.
265) The way you make me feel, you make my world go round. I
could go on and on about the way you make me feel.
266) You say it’s time to move on, and I shall say goodbye. But
think twice before you leave, coz a heart like this is not easy to
find.
267) Three little treasures you give to me one is a kiss, one a hug
and one little heart to keep my love.
268) Love has the power to make everything alright, to turn tears
into smile and to give meaning to life.
269) I am so in love I feel free, no longer alone.
270) I promise to love you no matter what you do, just promise
me you will love me too.
271) Be my friend until the very end. After I die, find yourself
another friend.
272) Love is when you hear my footsteps in the dark and opens
the door for me before I knock.
273) I’ll always love you, to the end of my days, and then again
from beyond my grave.


274) Seasons will change it’s true. Times will pass, that’s also
true. But things that don’t change are so few and that’s my love
for you.
275) I love to be with you to hold your hands, to see you smile.
That’s what makes life worthwhile.
276) On this day I promise you my heart will ever be true and it
beats only for you.
277) All day long I think of you. Even when I try not to, I can’t
stop thinking of you.
278) When I slipped beneath my blanket, it was so warm and so
soft; I could feel the pure bliss and the velvet of your kiss.
279) There’s a sea of distance between us, my love, and I wish it
weren’t true, coz all day long I yearn to be with you.
280) When I look at the moon and the way it lights up the sky, I
think of you and see the way you brought light to my life.


